hey everyone
jaesi fur width balloon cart by lego
creator set number four zero one zero
eight contains 66 pieces recommended
building ages are 6 and up looks like we
have a young child purchasing a balloon
from the balloon vendor here's this cart
but get to make the balloons and some
helium tanks it is packaged in a polybag
let's take a look at the contents the
parts are packed loose in the package
one small folded instruction manual now
let's explore the balloon cart before we
take a look at the balloon cart let's
have a quick look at the minifigures
let's start off with this young
gentleman he's got a big smile on his
face the graphics on his shirt or
printed on these short dark blue pants
let's remove the hairpiece he does have
a double-sided head this one is hug him
crying
terrific minifigure let's take a look at
the vendor it Pierce he is happy as well
got the suit with the tie that is
printed on the dark red to captain's hat
print work does continue to the back
terrific set of minifigures now let's
explore the balloon cart let's have a
look at this balloon very simple
construction it looks more like a
lollipop
here is the balloon cart itself got a
handle on the front to carry it around
it does roll on the two rubber tires got
a container on the side for extra
deflated balloons these can easily be
removed and put back in
here's the rear what is possibly for
helium and the other is for air I'm not
sure which one is which
really nice cart let's take our vendor
and our young gentlemen let's give him a
balloon which is as big as he is he even
lost his hair over it okay got to get it
set just right
this concludes the review for the Lego
creator balloon cart set number four
zero one zero eight contains 66 pieces
recommended building ages are 6 and up
Rey small polybag set it has a lot of
detail it comes with two minifigures and
four balloons it is a very colorful set
this will look good in any lego city or
a lego theme park there were three spare
pieces left over which consists of two
studs and one tap these possibly can be
extra balloons
not much to say but it is a terrific
little set for any Lego collection thank
you for watching